This video we're going to have as my book show these fall one of the nicest tools I will find on the
Internet to create something like this.
This year says mantic.
They have a bookshelf generator.
One of the nicest Teano of these tool is they you cover as a preview on the right of the opening of
the Koran book Shadow that you're a building on the left for example you can use these controls to create
the bookshop so as the way that you need to for example for this example and when I see you it's going
to be a line that very subtly and then we're going to have the vertical length.
So when we're not on the road we're going to make these bigger two verticals.
We had a bookshop on the bottom and then you can use the blue gray use because you can see it this doesn't
have a lot of allure.
So what I mean is that you can see if you increase this it's looking more blue you like that.
And then you can just spread this crazy amount off of that radius.
Can men make this a little too that there might be something like that.
You could use a vertical like that.
Nice.
Then you can change their bow got box color for example I got these two white this one example is white
so you can see a nice preview color.
This is going to look from the past.
You can increase or decrease it.
Maybe something like these will work.
And one of the nicest things about this is that you can for example copy these preview in your project.
And if you don't like how it looks you can you can really really easily make the change.
Sort of when I use luggin form that's the selector and when the these and I'm going to paste they the
code that we generated.
France uses map.
Then what are these.
And then you can see we have the far right here and he's looking nice.
It gives like perspective of some depth in these screens is great.
And this is I agree to that you can use something like a bookshelf which it requires the disco then
it may be a little tricky to understand but using one of these tools you can create a shallop more visually.